fix(UPM-15559): update BigAnimal private cluster connectivity (#3648)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/01_connecting_from_azure/index.mdx

-   The IP address of your cluster. You can find the IP address of your cluster using the following command:

    ```shell
    dig +short p-mckwlbakq5.brcxzr08qr7rbei1.biganimal.io
    __OUTPUT__
    10.240.1.218
    ```

> -   A PostgreSQL client, such as [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/download/), installed on your client VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A Postgres client, such as [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/download/), installed on your client VM.
```

> #### Step 1: BigAnimal automatically provision an Azure Private Link Service for every private Postgres cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigAnimal automatically provisions an Azure Private Link Service for every private Postgres cluster
```
This isn't a step like the other steps, which tell a user what to do. I would change Step 2 to Step 1 and add this and the following sentence as a note under the new Step 1. I can make this change for you, if you agree.
